fix: improve error message when a middleware doesn't return a `Response` (#9434)
withastro/astro: .changeset/selfish-parents-leave.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Better error message when a middleware doesn't return a `Response`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves the error message when a middleware doesn't return a `Response`
```
